README.md, before:

# responsive-web-design

This repository contains examples of exercises done from #FreeCodeCamp 

## Table of Contents

- [Hands-on No.1 Learn HTML by Building a Cat Photo App](#Hands-on-No.1)
- [Hands-on No.2 Learn Basic CSS by Building a Cafe Menu](#Hands-on-No.2)
- [Hands-on No.3 Learn CSS Colors by Building a Set of Colored Markers](#Hands-on-No.3)
- [Hands-on No.4 Learn HTML by Building a Registration Form](#Hands-on-No.4)
- [Certification Project No.1 Creating your Survey Form](#Project-No.1)

#### Hands-on No.1 Learn HTML by Building a Cat Photo App
This beginner hands-on explores the use of HTML tags to add photos, buttons, and other elements to your webpage.

#### Hands-on No.2 Learn Basic CSS by Building a Cafe Menu
CSS tells the browser how to display your webpage. This hands-on uses CSS to set the color, font, size, and other aspects of HTML elements.

#### Hands-on No.3 Learn CSS Colors by Building a Set of Colored Markers
Explores different ways to set color values and how to pair colors with each other.

#### Hands-on No.4 Learn HTML by Building a Registration Form
Uses HTML to control what types of data people can type into your form, and some new CSS tools for styling your page.

## Certification Project No.1 Creating your Survey Form
Builds on the first four hands-on exercises to create your own survey form

Commit message:

Update README.md - Hands-on-No.5

README.md, after:

# responsive-web-design

This repository contains examples of exercises done from #FreeCodeCamp 

## Table of Contents

- [Hands-on No.1 Learn HTML by Building a Cat Photo App](#Hands-on-No.1)
- [Hands-on No.2 Learn Basic CSS by Building a Cafe Menu](#Hands-on-No.2)
- [Hands-on No.3 Learn CSS Colors by Building a Set of Colored Markers](#Hands-on-No.3)
- [Hands-on No.4 Learn HTML by Building a Registration Form](#Hands-on-No.4)
- [Certification Project No.1 Creating your Survey Form](#Project-No.1)
- [Hands-on No.5 Learn the CSS Box Model by Rothko Painting](#Hands-on-No.5)
- [Hands-on N]

#### Hands-on No.1 Learn HTML by Building a Cat Photo App
This beginner hands-on explores the use of HTML tags to add photos, buttons, and other elements to your webpage.

#### Hands-on No.2 Learn Basic CSS by Building a Cafe Menu
CSS tells the browser how to display your webpage. This hands-on uses CSS to set the color, font, size, and other aspects of HTML elements.

#### Hands-on No.3 Learn CSS Colors by Building a Set of Colored Markers
Explores different ways to set color values and how to pair colors with each other.

#### Hands-on No.4 Learn HTML by Building a Registration Form
Uses HTML to control what types of data people can type into your form, and some new CSS tools for styling your page.

## Certification Project No.1 Creating your Survey Form
Builds on the first four hands-on exercises to create your own survey form
